hello everyone with you spoon and today we
We will consider the mod using
which you can create
box lockers all sorts of fridge and
even safe in the game of minecraft let's
look at the first thing which
adds this mod 1 from our locker
which is unremarkable
the only thing is that it opens and
closes like this
have he puts forward these here glass
the doors
well and so can we put it
all sorts of useful things he can not be
double which is very sad, but we
proceed to the next handbag
is it also a locker which is nothing
only differs from this one
the only thing is that he has woody ones
the doors and we'll proceed to the next
little chest
it is with us too little chest yes you probably
already thought it was some
decorative block but in fact it
chest he is best suited for
any lumberjacks because he
best suited just the same for
any warehouses well it opens not to
the end as you see
more or less cool it opens
smoothly and it closes smoothly too
it also cannot be double
let's look to the next thing is this
we are also the same locker but this locker
how can we say that
plug current without plugins for this
we need such a workbench
key and lock we open this workbench
put this lock in there and enter
eg 4433
then we all keep this lock
we hang on the chest and all we have now
as you can see on this
little chest lock then we the same
let's do with the key this power 4433
all now with the help of this mod you oh with
using this mod with this key
you can only open this lock
that is, the keys will be the same repeat and
all right we will open we can also
open with your hand but the main thing
so that this key was in your hands then
there is see so we can not just
open let's see the next one
things that is the next thing is ours
the fridge is the best fridge
it is with us
iron refrigerator it has shelves but
in order for these sticks to create us
need to make a double fridge
as you see here is very very very
many shelves and you can also go there
all sorts of sweets
Well, the next is our fridge and to
endorse cue sala de quoi fridge
the fridge and the feature of it is
that his figs explode and break here
Only a diamond pickaxe well, in general, and the
all the shelves here are of course very small
like a simple chest, obskazal and
we have the next one
neither is there a bad fridge that's us
golden fridge in it only two
lines to put there
some things you can not do it double
as well as and by the way refrigerator
Well, the last thing that adds this mod
these are such shelves here let's
now turn on the inventory display in
small form
and try to make these shelves in
double or even triple sweat
try to scroll them as you see
they have very good animation
There are developers thought and these
shelves before you create it all
actually today is such a mod and if
did you like that subscribe to
channel put likes
or call your friends and you had a spoon
good luck everyone all bye